# Language-Town
This is a project of BorNEO HackWknd that study the case "Indigenous Language Preservation" by a group of 5 students

PROJECT TITLE:
SPEAK THE UNSPOKEN: UNLOCK AN INDIGENOUS LANGUAGE THROUGH LANGUAGE TOWN

TEAM MEMBERS:
1. SIA SIM LEE
2. LIEW YUN LING
3. NG ZHI YEE
4. HENG JING XUAN
5. JOANNE LING XING YING

BRIEF SUMMARY:
This project is aimed at sparking public interest in learning indigenous languages through gamification and to preserve indigenous languages using Artificial Intelligence (AI) and revitalizing their everyday use. 
A product named “Language Town” will be introduced as a solution to the goal. This application helps users accumulate vocabulary and strengthens the practical usage of indigenous language within society, preventing them from becoming obsolete. 

	
The core gameplay centers on narrative-driven quests and quiz-based combat. Users defeat enemies by correctly answering language challenges, which sparks their interest and deepens their mastery of the language in an engaging method. 
By completing missions and clearing levels, users earn rewards to spend in the in-game shop. These rewards can be used to purchase items such as decorations, character outfits, and special power-ups. 
Beyond the gamified experience, “Language Town” features a built-in professional translation tool designed for more systematic learning. 
It also includes an AI-powered Radio function, where audio content and transcripts are generated by AI with corresponding translation. This allows users to become accustomed to natural pronunciation and grammar structures of an indigenous language. 	
In our vision, AI plays a pivotal role from generating professional translations and realistic voiceovers to creating dynamic quiz content. 
The primary target audience of our product is the younger generation who are more accustomed to the virtual world. 
By attracting youth to use indigenous language through gamification, these languages and their respective cultures can be preserved for the future. Our objectives can achieve through the idea to “Language Town”. 

      
This project directly addresses United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 4: Quality Education, specifically Target 4.7, which promotes education for sustainable development and global citizenship, including the appreciation of cultural diversity. 
By focusing on indigenous languages, it also supports SDG 10: Reduced Inequalities by empowering marginalized linguistic communities and SDG 11: Sustainable Cities and Communities in safeguarding intangible cultural heritage.
      
The primary target users are youth and young adults (Gen Z & Millennials) who are digital natives and are responsive to gamified learning. Secondary audiences include:
* Language enthusiasts interested in indigenous cultures.
* Indigenous educators and community leaders seeking engaging or cultural 
  preservation tools for language teaching.
* Families wishing to reconnect with their linguistic heritage.


1

